Article: Los Puertos Muertos: Why doesn't anyone care?
A coulple of days ago I noticed a note I wrote to myself. I don't remember writing it, but there it was plain as day. It said simply "Meet Julia at 9:00 am at the coffeeshop in Los Puertos Muertos".  I honestly had no idea what it meant, but I figured it was just one of the many notes I take in my profession that I had forgotten about.
Since the appointment was for later today I tried pulling it up on my TomCat. I couldn't find anything. I Googled it: same story. I asked around and no one had ever heard of it.
I may be forgetful, but I'm not prone to fantasy. I don't take drugs. I'm not senile. Even though I don't remember writing the note, I was certain that no one else could have. I've been told that my particular chicken scratching are indecipherable by anyone else. I was intreged. I wouldn't be much of a reporter if I didn't follow my leads.
From the comfort of my office (another coffee shop with WiFi access) I got to work. By mid-day I was out of ideas. There was nothing at all on the place. I decided to call a friend at the post office. Occasionally the best ideas come from the people who have to solve problems every day. I asked him how to find a town, it must be nearby, and it is probably small (THE coffeeshop, remember?).
I was met with an awkward silence. Just about the time I thought we lost connection he replied, "Los Puertos Muertos" It wasn't a question, but a statement of fact. Now I was really concerned, and a little titilated.
My friend told me that they have been seeing a lot of mail addressed to this fictional town. All of the letters were hand-written, all of the letters gave the same zip code (the code wasn't registered anywhere). He said that some of his coworkers had looked up the senders in a phone directory and called them. Not a single one knew anything about it, even though the address names occasionally ended with the same last name.
It was as if the town had not only vanished from the face of the earth, but had been torn from history altogether!